My name is Frankenstein – Victor Frankenstein. I was born
in 1810 in the beautiful city of Geneva, in Switzerland. My
father and mother loved me very much and my early life was
happy. My younger brother, William, was born when I was
twelve years old.

Two years later, my dear Elizabeth came to live with us.
She was the daughter of my father’s best friend. When
Elizabeth’s parents died, Elizabeth came to live with us in
our house. I loved her from that time.

I was a good pupil at school and always came first in the
examinations. I was always interested in science. I wanted
to learn about human life. I wanted to learn more in order
to help people. I wanted to make their lives better.
When I was eighteen, my mother died. Before she died,
my mother spoke to Elizabeth and myself.
‘My children,’ she said, ‘I hope that one day you will
marry. Then you, my dear Elizabeth, can look after little
William.’
My mother looked at me and smiled.
‘My dear Victor, the family hopes that you will do great
things,’ she said. ‘Soon you are going to the University. I
know you will work hard. Perhaps, one day, you will be
famous. You have been a good son and I can die happy.’
I cried when my mother died. But now I am glad that she
is dead. My work has brought death and sadness to the
world. Because of me, the people I loved have died.
Three weeks after my mother’s death, I left Geneva. I was
going to study at the great German University of Heidelburg.

In the morning, I said goodbye to my father, to Elizabeth
and to my little brother, William.
I spent my last evening in Geneva with my friend, Henry
Clerval.
‘You are lucky, Victor,’ Henry said. ‘I wish I was going
with you. But my father wants me to work in the family
business. You will become a doctor or professor. Your
work will be known all over the world.’
‘We shall always be friends, Henry,’ I told him. ‘I shall
see you soon. We shall be together again in the holidays.’
‘Write to me soon, Victor,’ Henry said.
‘Of course,’ I answered.

In the morning, I said goodbye to my father, to Elizabeth
and to my little brother, William. I was sorry to leave home.
But I wanted to go to University. I wanted to study and
to learn everything.
How I wished that I had never left Geneva!